Add better description how header title and content slots are aligned (#4302)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/dialog/index.adoc

The header contains an optional title element, and a slot next to it for custom header content, such as a close button.

> When there is title text or element set via API, like in the example below, the content slot is automatically right aligned, otherwise it is left aligned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dialog has a title (set via text or custom element), the header content slot is right-aligned. If no title is present, the header content slot is left-aligned.
```
